loadmap Montreal.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Montreal.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Montreal.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap Montreal.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap 4D_Hypercube.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap 4D_Hypercube.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap 4D_Hypercube.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
replay
loadmap 4D_Hypercube.map
validatemap
addplayer Benevolent
addplayer Neutral
addplayer Aggressive
gamestart
quit
30
